01 Mar 2012 : GWA : This is ASST1 solution v. 1.0.
05 Mar 2012 : GWA : This is ASST1 solution v. 1.1.

It contains:
  1) Working locks.
  2) Working CVs.

It does not contain:
  1) Working reader-writer locks.
  2) Solutions to the synchronization problems.

Reader-writer locks may be included in a future ASST1 solution archive, but
for now neither of the things that it does *not* contain should prevent you
from making forward progress on ASST2.

There are two ways to bring your Git repository into line with your solution.
The first thing to do is commit anything you have uncommitted and make sure
that your git status shows a clean directory. After that, here are the two
options:

1) git revert + patch

The sol10.patch file is against commit 02a93045, or the same one that starts
ASST2. If you have not received this commit yet do a git pull to do so. It's
probably a good idea to do a git pull anyway, just in case.

The sol11.path is against the sol10.path, so you should apply them in order.

The first thing you have to do is locate the commit that contains your ASST0
changes: adding your username and debug messages. You may have tagged this
commit to begin ASST1. Use git log to locate the appropriate commit tag.

Once you have located it, ask git to revert your ASST1 changes and then apply
our patches.

$ git revert <ASST1 start tag>
$ patch -p1 sol10.patch
$ patch -p1 sol11.patch
$ git commit -a

If you have previously applied the sol10.patch you should be able to simply
apply the sol11.patch on top of your current source tree.

2) copy files

The other option is to do the merge by hand starting with your current
working tree. All the files we changed are included in this archive. Several
can be copied; for others, you will need to do the merge by hand, but the
changes are very limited.

  1) synch.c, synch.h: solution primitives. These files can be copied.
  2) version.h, main.c: add solution set version to kernel boot messages.
  These files must be merged by hand or you will break changes you made for
  ASST0. (Specifically, making sure that your group or username prints during
  bootup, which our grading scripts will check.)

After committing any changes, simply move these files into place and commit
the resulting changes.
